I wanna do just a real quick detour
Because I think that This is super useful.
We should have the ability to consume,
remote,
endpoints in the easiest way possible.
And the best way to do that,
in my opinion is with JSON server.
So I don't know if anybody's
ever heard it or used it,
but I wanna take just a few minutes
real quick and show you how this works.
So JSON server is incredibly simple.
I think this is gonna be
approximately a 5 minute demo.
But it is a game changer when
you are trying to approximate or
you are working faster
than the backend team.
So all JSON server is, it's a simple
express node implementation
that takes some basic JSON and
exposes it as a REST endpoint.
So what I can do is we
were doing workshops.
So I'm just going to create a new file.
Call this workshops.json.
And This isn't like real JSON, so
I always kind of mess this up, All right.
There we go.
All right, so all I wanted to do
is pull this mark challenges array
that we did out of the facade.
And push it into the service or
push it into essentially an endpoint
that we can then consume with
an asynchronous service.
So I'm just going to,
Something about this event,
like, let me just,
There we go, little buddy.
Yeah, all right.
So now, what you can do?
Just a JSON file, there's nothing
up my sleeves at all, okay?
Not trying to fool you.
In your package.json,
I'll actually show you,
there's two packages that I
install when I'm setting this up.
The first one is obviously
a JSON web server,
Or just json-server, okay?
What I also install in
parallel is concurrently.
What that allows me to do is to, well,
you can see it right here is
that I'm able to essentially
create concurrent commands and
execute them.
Concurrently, and so
this is where I will do,
Just Paste this in,
we'll do a workshops.
No, that's horrible.
I got more work to do.
I hate it.
I wanna do work.
Or even take this one.
Fine, I'll do it.
So One thing
that I think it's pretty
obvious at this point after
spending an entire day
hanging out with me is that I
really like to think about
hard programming problems.
But I do not like to spend a lot of time
kind of wallowing around in fatigue.
And so even there's kind of in a weird
way, I kind of get a little
bit self-conscious.
Oops, wow, I don't mean to do that,
I just blew the place up.
I don't even know what happened.
I get a little bit self-conscious
about the fact that I'm copying and
pasting and moving stuff around,
but I would much rather, on principle,
Hang out with everybody here and
talk about problems and
how to solve them versus
writing the same bits of
code that I've written
a Brazilian times before and
it's just not interesting to me.
All right, I think that's it.
Now Let's
go 3500.
So one of the odd pieces is that
eventually, like port management.
Especially when you're going
with in increments of 100.
I could probably do better but,
All right, npm run s, and
I've already forgotten it.
Man alive.
Workshops-json.
So I did have serve, and
I'm like, that's too much.
Let's just, I think we understand
what I'm trying to say, all right.
Wow, that was fast.
So here you go, JSON, and
you can actually create, read, update, and
delete in memory.
One of the other things that I will show,
since we're here,
is that when I'm setting up nest,
that nest has a global prefix.
And so everything ends up,
did I do this right,
ends up being host port API.
And what I ultimately wanna do
is I want this to be as close as
possible because I want to be able to
change the composition at runtime.
So as a result, What I have done is,
if we go into Server,
there is a routes, the JSON,
it's just a really simple kind of a regex.
And so
this is why when you see me start it,
Somewhere in here, yeah,
I'm pointing to the routes here.
The other thing that I'm
doing which I'm not doing or
haven't done yet but
is that because it is essentially express.
That it's really easy to set up
a lightweight authentication
mechanism to just basically
generate simple JSON for off.
So you can absolutely simulate that
in less than 70 lines of code.
So you get that for free as well.